The data that we used for the analyses was data that was found from a Planned Parenthood Congressional Scorecard in which they gave the congress members either a 100 for supporting abortion or a 0 for not supporting it. The units of analysis are both quantitative in this case, supporting or being against abortion and the gender of the individual. The total population was 437 and we did not get a sample size, we just used the entire population because to get the correct sample size while also meeting the assignment requirements would not have worked and there would have been too large of a sample size. Any missing data we had was omitted from the total population and the data while we were analyzing it. We then transformed the Planned Parenthood data into a simple 0 and 1 code for our data. 1 being supporting abortion and 0 being against abortion. We did this because we felt it to be the most sense to have 1 to be for it and 0 almost being the absence of 1 meaning not supporting it. We also found a database of all of the congress members and recorded if they were male or female, we also included a third option for nonbinary but I do not believe that there were any. For our data, 1 stood for woman, 2 stood for man, and 3 stood for others, or anyone who wouldn’t fall into the binary categories. We didn’t have a reasoning for 1 and 2 being exactly what variables they were because we didn’t think it mattered much but we felt like we should add a third option just in case there was anyone in congress that fell under that umbrella and we needed them to be included in the data. Considering how many genders there technically are, an “other” category just made the most sense with this data.
